To open up there for Mainz. Freak it has been given, in favor of the home side, but complaints from the Union players. Khedira leading that particular charge. At first sight, I'm with the referee. I'd like to see a different angle. I think it's a race to the ball, and Lee gets there just ahead of Jeong. And therefore, free kick awarded to Mainz. Correct decision. So Korean players together. Each other very well. Sota Kawasaki tries to come on for Mainz. 13 minutes of normal time remaining. Here at the Mewa Arena. And Nadiem Amiri— It's Amiri at the creative controls, but that is. Going to be caught every day of the week by Karl Klaus. See what he's trying here. Burke. Trying to close in. He's still worried about Derrick Kohn. And that Christian name of his, and the spelling of it. All stems from a detective series. On German TV, many moons ago, which actually I remember watching when I first came to this country as a student. There's this very popular or well-known. Derrick. Derrick, yes. I remember, obviously, that's my name as well. I remember being asked if I had something to do with the detective series, with a name like that. Got asked about that quite a few times back in the day. Yes. But apparently his parents were big fans. Of Derrick. Yes. Well, there's absolutely no resemblance between Derrick Kohn and Derrick. But. I didn't know that, and it's quite amusing. Yeah. Now Mainz have been using the right-hand side quite a bit, but they've elected to attack from the left here. Mwene. And Becker with a flick. Look at all the defenders back. Crowd of defenders for Union. There it breaks down. It's Jae-sung Lee and Amiri on the scene. Kaishu Sano for Sheraldo Becker. And by Becker, again, not worrisome for Klaus. And Aljoscha Kemlein. And here is the aforementioned Derrick Kohn. Take it away by Veratschnig. It's Amiri's pass. Veratschnig continued his counter. And Dr. Florian Exner. Slides up the. The other guard. Should be handed out here. For Kohn. Meanwhile, changes of foot. For Mainz. Armindo Sieb. Becoming on. There's a formal farewell to him prior to the match, because he will be leaving. It's been a two-year loan. From Bayern. And Becker. The goal scorer. And not any old goal either, scoring against his former club that he served so well. Also, departing. Tietz. Has gone off. And it's not just Armindo Sieb. On the pitch. It's also Nelson Weiper. Tall striker. Hasn't had things go his way too much. In this campaign. He's been on the outside looking in, but we know what a threat he can be. Has been for Germany's Under-21s. Amiri. Sending it in. And the header there from Posch. Wide of the target. Juranovic. On for Trimmel. That's the Union change at this pretty late stage of the game, Moritz. Yeah, and again, just before seeing a good delivery from Amiri. Posch, he stands in the air, well, I'm a little surprised he couldn't get his head on target. Kohn, we've just seen he hasn't got great momentum or much momentum. Or flow at the moment.